Add text and diagram for siopv2 conditional cred req flow (#175)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

This specification defines new metadata parameters according to [@!RFC8414].

* `presentation_definition_uri_supported`: OPTIONAL. Boolean value specifying whether the Wallet supports the transfer of `presentation_definition` by reference, with true indicating support. If omitted, the default value is true.

> * `conditional_credential_request_supported`: OPTIONAL. Boolean value specifying whether the Wallet supports the conditional credential request flow when combined with SIOPv2. If omitted, the default value is `false`.

Reviewer: why is this parameter needed? is it pretty much wallet indicating support for SIOPv2? if so, maybe make that clearer? tho not sure `siopv2_supported` makes sense..

Author: it indicates that the wallet may need extra capabilities to handle this optionality
I am open to removing it if you feel it is in unnecessary

Note: The `nonce` and `aud` are set to the `nonce` of the request and the Client Identifier of the Verifier, respectively, in the same way as for the Verifier, Verifiable Presentations to prevent replay.

### Conditional Credential Request Flow

When combining OpenID for Verifiable Presentations with [@!SIOPv2], the Verifier has the flexibility to determine whether to request credentials based on the authenticated user's context. The aforementioned flow can be modified as follows:

1. The user initiates the authentication process with the Verifier.

> 2. The Verifier starts the [@!SIOPv2] flow and sends an Authentication Request to the user's Wallet, omitting the `presentation_definition` and `presentation_definition_uri` parameters.
> 3. The Wallet processes the Authentication Request and performs user authentication using the [@!SIOPv2] mechanism.
> 4. Upon successful authentication, the Wallet sends the Authentication Response back to the Verifier, including the `id_token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The Verifier starts the [@!SIOPv2] flow and sends an Authorization Request to the user's Wallet, omitting the `presentation_definition` and `presentation_definition_uri` parameters.
3. The Wallet processes the Authorization Request and performs user authentication using the [@!SIOPv2] mechanism.
4. Upon successful authentication, the Wallet sends the Authorization Response back to the Verifier, including the `id_token`.
```

technically, SIOP v2 uses a term authorization request...

5. The Verifier validates the `id_token` and extracts the necessary information to identify the user.
6. Based on the user's identity and the Verifier's context, the Verifier determines whether additional credentials are required.

>    - If no additional credentials are needed, the Verifier proceeds with issuing the authentication token to the user.

Reviewer: what does `issuing the authentication token to the user` mean..?

Author: how would you rephrase this? perhaps `If no additional credentials are needed, the Verifier proceeds`

or what is the expected action after successful presentation?

>    - If additional credentials are required, the Verifier initiates the OpenID for Verifiable Presentations flow by sending a new Authorization Request with the `presentation_definition` or `presentation_definition_uri` parameter.

Reviewer: but sure if it is worth mentioning, but I guess the challenge is how to get this request into the same wallet

Author: yeah ... should add more detail here?
a second QR code - or something else?

> 7. The Wallet processes the Authorization Request, requests the necessary presentation from the user, and sends the Authorization Response back to the Verifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The Wallet processes the Authorization Request, obtains the necessary consent from the user, and sends the Authorization Response back to the Verifier.
```
